Product capabilities : - 
	1. User can Create files and store them n directories
	2. User can Search any specific file in that directory
	3. User can Get all the names of their file is ascending order .
	4. User can delete any specific file.
	5. User can close application once all the tasks are complete.
	6.if user in Sub-menu can return to main menu
	
Appearance :- 
	It is terminal based application , which on start-up shows a welcome screen,
	which user can interact with , it contains welcome note with developer details and 
	all options that are in main menu
	
User Interaction :-
	1.User can interact with this application by using terminal input
	2.main menu contains 3 options that user can choose from .
	3.By pressing [1] user can retrieve all the previously saved files.
	4.Next option[2] will get user into an sub-menu where user can create delete and search in the given order.
	5.User also can choose to return to main menu from sub-menu
	6.User also can close the application.
	
Java core Concepts :-
	1.label
	2.Switch Statement
	3.If - else block
	4.Static Method
	5.While loop
	6.Scanner class
	7.Directory
	8.File class
	9.Various pre-defined methods of directories(sorting, adding , listing files)
	10.createNewFile Method of file class
	11.IOException
	12.print-stack-trace
	13.Encapsulation to retrieve file names
	14.Delete Method of file class
	15.Exists method to search through files
	16.Class
	17.Package
	
	
Data Structure-
	Arrays are used to sort files in ascending order and to search through them
	
GitHub Repository Link :- https://github.com/rahulBhargav25/SLProject-LockedMe
	
	
Conclusion On Enhancing the application :
	1. Conversion from Terminal to GUI application
	2. Adding More features 
		* Providing Suggestion to user while performing File operation.
		* Add Read write operation in files for user.
		* provide user with storage space that is used by the file.
	
	
	3. Unique Selling points :
		*User can retrieve saved files in ascending order with just one click.
		*There is no restriction to user around the number of files stored.
		*Precaution measure taken while executing delete command , so user wont delete the file accidently.
		*User can use the application without termination and can willfully terminate application at any point of time.
		*User can return to main menu from a sub menu without having to run the application again.
	
	
	